marketplaces validation (#3130)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased

> * Added a new **validate** check, prevent change of `marketplaces` field (BC106)
> * Added a new **validate** check, prevent change of `toversion` field (BC107)
> * Added a new **validate** check, prevent change of `fromversion`  field (BC108,BC109))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new **validate** checks, preventing unwanted changes of the marketplaces (BC106), toversion (BC107)  and fromversion (BC108,BC109) fields.
```

Author: thanks! changed.
